{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Robot
\f1\b0 : First you have to say two sounds together; try it. Say /a/ then say /m/. Now say it quickly \'93aaammm...am!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Am\'94 is a word.\
\
ALL: Wow you just made the first latter.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Robot
\f1\b0 : say /h/ then say /a/ then say /m/. Now say it quickly \'93hhhhaaammm... ham!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Ham\'94 is a word.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Robot: say /a/ then say /n/. Now say it quickly \'93aaannnn\'85 an!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93An\'94 is a word.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /m/ then say /a/ then say /n/. Now say it quickly \'93mmmmaaannn\'85man!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Man\'94 is a word\

\f2\b Puppy:
\f3\b0  The blocks are talking about dad.
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /t/ then say /a/ then say /n/. Now say it quickly \'93tttaaannn\'85tan!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Tan\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /m/ then say /e/ then say /n/. Now say it quickly \'93mmmmeeennn\'85men!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Men\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /t/ then say /e/ then say /n/. Now say it quickly \'93ttteeennn\'85ten!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Ten\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /h/ then say /e/ then say /n/. Now say it quickly \'93hhhheeennn\'85hen!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Hen\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /h/ then say /e/ then say /m/. Now say it quickly \'93hhhheeemmm\'85hem!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Hem\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /a/ then say /t/. Now say it quickly \'93aaattt...at!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93At\'94 is a word.\

\f2\b \
Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /m/ then say /a/ then say /t/. Now say it quickly \'93mmmmaaatt...mat!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Mat\'94 is a word.\
\'85\'85Done\'85\'85\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /h/ then say /a/ then say /t/. Now say it quickly \'93hhhhaaatt...hat!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Hat\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /s/ then say /a/ then say /t/. Now say it quickly \'93sssaaatt...sat!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Sat\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /s/ then say /e/ then say /t/. Now say it quickly \'93ssseeettt...set!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Set\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /l/ then say /e/ then say /t/. Now say it quickly \'93lllleeettt...let!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Let\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /m/ then say /e/ then say /t/. Now say it quickly \'93mmmmeeettt...met!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Met\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /n/ then say /e/ then say /t/. Now say it quickly \'93nnnneeettt...net!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Net\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /i/ then say /n/ then say /k/. Now say it quickly \'93iiinnnkkk...ink!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Ink\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /m/ then say /i/ then say /n/ then say /k/. Now say it quickly \'93mmmiiinnnkkk...mink!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Mink\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /k/ then say /i/ then say /n/ then say /k/. Now say it quickly \'93kkkiiinnnkkk...kink!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Kink\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /h/ then say /a/ then say /n/ then say /k/. Now say it quickly \'93hhhaaannnkkk...hank!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Hank\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /l/ then say /a/ then say /n/ then say /k/. Now say it quickly \'93lllaaannnkkk...lank!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Lank\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /t/ then say /a/ then say /n/ then say /k/. Now say it quickly \'93tttaaannnkkk...tank!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Tank\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /k/ then say /i/ then say /t/. Now say it quickly \'93kkkiiittt...kit!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Kit\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /l/ then say /i/ then say /t/. Now say it quickly \'93llliiittt...lit!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Lit\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /h/ then say /i/ then say /t/. Now say it quickly \'93hhiiittt...hit!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Hit\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /h/ then say /i/ then say /m/. Now say it quickly \'93hhiiimmm...him!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Him\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /k/ then say /i/ then say /n/. Now say it quickly \'93kkkiiinnn...kin!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Kin\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /t/ then say /i/ then say /n/. Now say it quickly \'93tttiiinnn...tin!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93Tin\'94 is a word.\
\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  Say /i/ then say /n/. Now say it quickly \'93iiinnn...in!\'94 Now you\'92re getting it. \'93In\'94 is a word.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i \cf0 \strokec2 (Another \'93n\'94 pops out and the word 
\f5\b inn
\f4\b0  starts flashing.)
\f3\i0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Kitten:
\f3\b0  What does that mean?\

\f2\b Robot:
\f3\b0  An inn is a place where our family stays at night. The blocks said, \'93Man at Inn.\'94\
\

\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}